README.md, before:

# [Django Dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) Light Blue

[Admin dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards) generated by AppSeed in **[Django](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django)** Framework.

Using this template you will be able to leverage lots of built-in components and thus focus on building features that set you apart from competitors rather than bulding everything from scratch.

<br />

> Features

- UI-Ready app, SQLite Database, Django Native ORM
- Modular design, clean code-base
- Session-Based Authentication, Forms validation
- Deployment scripts: Docker, Gunicorn / Nginx
- Support via **Github** and [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup).

<br />

> Links

- [Django Dashboard Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue) - Product page
- [Django Dashboard Light Blue](https://django-dashboard-light-blue.appseed.us/login/) - LIVE Demo

<br />

## Want more? Go PRO!

PRO versions include **Premium UI Kits**, Lifetime updates and **24/7 LIVE Support** (via [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup))

| [Django Datta PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [Django Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [Django Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Django Datta PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [![Django Material PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-material-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [![Django Volt PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)

<br />
<br />

![Django Dashboard Light Blue - Open-Source Web App.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/static/master/products/django-dashboard-light-blue-screen.png)

<br />

## How to use it

```bash
$ # Get the code
$ git clone https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue.git
$ cd django-dashboard-light-blue
$
$ # Virtualenv modules installation (Unix based systems)
$ virtualenv env
$ source env/bin/activate
$
$ # Virtualenv modules installation (Windows based systems)
$ # virtualenv env
$ # .\env\Scripts\activate
$ 
$ # Install modules
$ # SQLIte version
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
$
$ # Create tables
$ python manage.py makemigrations
$ python manage.py migrate
$
$ # Start the application (development mode)
$ python manage.py runserver # default port 8000
$
$ # Start the app - custom port
$ # python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:<your_port>
$
$ # Access the web app in browser: http://127.0.0.1:8000/
```

<br />

## Deployment

The app is provided with a basic configuration to be executed in [Heroku](https://heroku.com/), [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/), and [Waitress](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/).

### [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) execution
---

The application can be easily executed in a docker container. The steps:

> Get the code

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue.git
$ cd django-dashboard-light-blue
```

> Start the app in Docker

```bash
$ sudo docker-compose pull && sudo docker-compose build && sudo docker-compose up -d
```

Visit `http://localhost:5005` in your browser. The app should be up & running. 

<br />

### [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/)
---

Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX.

> Install using pip

```bash
$ pip install gunicorn
```
> Start the app using gunicorn binary

```bash
$ gunicorn --bind=0.0.0.0:8001 core.wsgi:application
Serving on http://localhost:8001
```

Visit `http://localhost:8001` in your browser. The app should be up & running.


<br />

### [Waitress](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/)
---

Waitress (Gunicorn equivalent for Windows) is meant to be a production-quality pure-Python WSGI server with very acceptable performance. It has no dependencies except ones that live in the Python standard library.

> Install using pip

```bash
$ pip install waitress
```
> Start the app using [waitress-serve](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/runner.html)

```bash
$ waitress-serve --port=8001 core.wsgi:application
Serving on http://localhost:8001
```

Visit `http://localhost:8001` in your browser. The app should be up & running.

<br />

## Credits & Links

### [Django Admin Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django)

Index with UI-ready **admin dashboards** generated by the AppSeed platform in [Django Framework](https://www.djangoproject.com/).
Start fast your next Django project by using functional admin dashboards enhanced with Database, ORM, authentication flow, helpers and deployment scripts.

### What is [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)

[Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) is a Python-based free and open-source web framework, which follows the model-template-view architectural pattern. It is maintained by the Django Software Foundation, an independent organization established as a 501 non-profit. Django's primary goal is to ease the creation of complex, database-driven websites.

### [What is a dashboard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dashboard_(business))

A dashboard is a set of pages that are easy to read and offer information to the user in real-time regarding his business. A dashboard usually consists of graphical representations of the current status and trends within an organization. Having a well-designed dashboard will give you the possibility to act and make informed decisions based on the data that your business provides - *definition provided by [Creative-Tim - Free Dashboard Templates](https://www.creative-tim.com/blog/web-design/free-dashboard-templates/?ref=appseed)*.

### [Light Blue Dashboard](https://github.com/flatlogic/light-blue-dashboard?ref=appseed)

Using this template you will be able to leverage lots of built-in components and thus focus on building features that set you apart from competitors rather than building everything from scratch. - provided by **FlatLogic**.

<br />

---
[Django Dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) Light Blue - Provided by **AppSeed [App Generator](https://appseed.us/app-generator)**.

Commit message:

README - Update links & product info

README.md, after:

# [Django Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue)

Admin dashboard generated by AppSeed in **Django** Framework. Using this template you will be able to leverage lots of built-in components and thus focus on building features that set you apart from competitors rather than bulding everything from scratch. **[Light Blue Dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue)** is a world-first transparent admin template built with Bootstrap and pure Javascript (No frameworks). It comes with a big collection of elements that will offer you multiple possibilities to create the app that best fits your needs. 

<br />

> Features

- UI-Ready app, SQLite Database, Django Native ORM
- Modular design, clean code-base
- Session-Based Authentication, Forms validation
- Deployment scripts: Docker, Gunicorn / Nginx
- Support via **Github** and [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup).

<br />

> Links

- [Django Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue) - product page
- [Django Light Blue](https://django-dashboard-light-blue.appseed.us/login/) - LIVE deployment
- [Django Light Blue](https://docs.appseed.us/products/django-dashboards/light-blue) - product documentation

<br />

## Want more? Go PRO!

PRO versions include **Premium UI Kits**, Lifetime updates and **24/7 LIVE Support** (via [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup))

| [Django Datta PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [Django Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [Django Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Django Datta PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [![Django Material PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-material-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [![Django Volt PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)

<br />
<br />

![Django Dashboard Light Blue - Open-Source Web App.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/static/master/products/django-dashboard-light-blue-screen.png)

<br />

## How to use it

```bash
$ # Get the code
$ git clone https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue.git
$ cd django-dashboard-light-blue
$
$ # Virtualenv modules installation (Unix based systems)
$ virtualenv env
$ source env/bin/activate
$
$ # Virtualenv modules installation (Windows based systems)
$ # virtualenv env
$ # .\env\Scripts\activate
$ 
$ # Install modules
$ # SQLIte version
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
$
$ # Create tables
$ python manage.py makemigrations
$ python manage.py migrate
$
$ # Start the application (development mode)
$ python manage.py runserver # default port 8000
$
$ # Start the app - custom port
$ # python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:<your_port>
$
$ # Access the web app in browser: http://127.0.0.1:8000/
```

<br />

## Deployment

The app is provided with a basic configuration to be executed in [Heroku](https://heroku.com/), [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/), and [Waitress](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/).

### [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) execution
---

The application can be easily executed in a docker container. The steps:

> Get the code

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue.git
$ cd django-dashboard-light-blue
```

> Start the app in Docker

```bash
$ sudo docker-compose pull && sudo docker-compose build && sudo docker-compose up -d
```

Visit `http://localhost:5005` in your browser. The app should be up & running. 

<br />

### [Gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org/)
---

Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX.

> Install using pip

```bash
$ pip install gunicorn
```
> Start the app using gunicorn binary

```bash
$ gunicorn --bind=0.0.0.0:8001 core.wsgi:application
Serving on http://localhost:8001
```

Visit `http://localhost:8001` in your browser. The app should be up & running.


<br />

### [Waitress](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/)
---

Waitress (Gunicorn equivalent for Windows) is meant to be a production-quality pure-Python WSGI server with very acceptable performance. It has no dependencies except ones that live in the Python standard library.

> Install using pip

```bash
$ pip install waitress
```
> Start the app using [waitress-serve](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/stable/runner.html)

```bash
$ waitress-serve --port=8001 core.wsgi:application
Serving on http://localhost:8001
```

Visit `http://localhost:8001` in your browser. The app should be up & running.

<br />

---
[Django Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue) - Provided by **AppSeed [App Generator](https://appseed.us/app-generator)**.
